Update example page (#1698)
microsoft/autogen: website/docs/Examples.md

   - Automated Task Solving with transition paths specified in a graph - [View Notebook](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_graph_modelling_language_using_select_speaker.ipynb)
   - Running a group chat as an inner-monolgue via the SocietyOfMindAgent - [View Notebook](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_society_of_mind.ipynb)
1. **Sequential Multi-Agent Chats**
   - Solving Multiple Tasks in a Sequence of Chats Initiated by a Single Agent - [View Notebook](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_multi_task_chats.ipynb)

>    - Solving Multiple Tasks in a Sequence of Chats Involving Different Agents  - [View Notebook](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchats.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Solving Multiple Tasks in a Sequence of Chats Initiated by Different Agents - [View Notebook](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchats.ipynb)
```
The first example also involves different agents.
